OP-97 - New Anamnesis module (#187)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_user/UserManual.adoc

NOTE: If the camera does not function then change the flag to DEBUG in the configuration file to generate additional
diagnostic information. Ask the Administrator or refer to the _Administrator’s Guide_.

====== 8.4.6 anamnesis

> The medical history, case history, or anamnesis of a patient is information gained by a physician by asking specific questions, either to the patient or to other people who know the person and can give suitable information, with the aim of obtaining information useful in formulating a diagnosis and providing medical care to the patient.

Reviewer: Suggested modified wording:
```suggestion
The medical history, case history, or anamnesis of a patient is information gained by a physician by asking specific questions either of the patient, or of other people who know the person and can give suitable information.  The aim is to obtain information useful in formulating a diagnosis and providing medical care to the patient.
```

> To modify the anamnesis data of a patient select the patient in the *_Patient Browser_* window and then press the *[.underline]##E##dit* button. When the *_New Patient_* window is shown, then click on *_Anamnesis_* button, the record is available for changes. All the data can be changed.

Reviewer: Correction and slightly changed wording:
```suggestion
To modify the anamnesis data of a patient, select the patient in the *_Patient Browser_* window and then press the *[.underline]##E##dit* button. When the *_Edit Patient_* window is shown, click on the *_Anamnesis_* button and the record is available for changes. All the data can be changed.
```
